I'm making a friend with God.
Yeah, I don't know how to do that.
Make a friend, but you've done fine with me.
But I can see you.
But God, a friend?
Seriously?
How about what you can see?
What does creation teach us about him?
Hmm.
Not much.
Maybe evolve or your species dies?
It doesn't really help.
Well, I'm not talking about evolution.
I'm talking about the things that God created.
You don't suppose you've got a little workshop up there
building things one at a time, do you?
In the real world, things evolve.
It's all random.
I don't know what that tells me about him.
I wasn't ready for this.
Evolution isn't my strong suit.
I need help.
This could be good.
Many who believe evolution.
Ancient tidal pool chemicals spontaneously assembled.
Too deep.
Wait.
Maybe what does the evidence reveal?
For a cell to survive DNA, RNA,
inanimate chemicals.
Probability.
I'm not sure this is what she needs.
Her real issue was getting to know someone she can't see.
That's the best place to begin.
One widespread false teaching,
robs people of hope,
implies that human life has no purpose.
This could be it.
Establish the positive.
What creation really says about Jehovah,
versus whatever evolution obscures.
Okay, so you got me thinking.
And I did some research.
Yeah.
And I think you're really like what I found.
Okay.
Come, come, sit down.
I've tried everything to get J2 in meeting.
It's every Thursday and Sunday,
and I think you drew the intro yet.
I can't promise anything.
It would be nice if you could come.
Have you tried bringing other people on the study?
Well, maybe not everything.
What are you doing tomorrow after me?
I'm since I hear them.
You know that band?
Know them.
I used to see them all the time
before I'm a witness.
No way.
You like that kind of music?
You don't believe me?
Anything.
Happy gay?
I was young.
You were in a band.
We have that vinyl.
So I'll be gone next week,
but I'll have someone else take care of the study.
Okay.
So how do we know that Jesus did not become king
when he was on earth,
or immediately after he was resurrected?
Because he didn't.
Well, what did Jesus teach his disciples to pray?
Oh.
Yeah.
Well, I know the obvious.
Let your kingdom come.
Implied future tents.
But how come you know for sure what's going on in heaven?
Maybe it would help if we reviewed the cited scriptures here.
Before you leave, a suggestion.
Maybe you were to study ahead of time.
How about no?
I'm really swamped.
I know you're busy.
We all are.
You have no clue, do you?
I gotta go.
I didn't know what to do next.
I thought she was making our study a priority,
but maybe she wasn't.
It's dual die time.
Then I remembered first Corinthians 3, verse 6,
that God keeps making it grow.
So I asked him to help Jade.
Then left it with him.
Look, I need to apologize.
Forget it.
You were stressed.
Yeah, but there's more.
Inside, I knew you were right.
It's just the last thing I wanted to stop.
Really?
How about I show you how I prepare?
Okay.